This project is unique because it is the first kingdom hall in the archipelago, but what
is also unique is that we have decided to divide the work up into five different phases.
That would enable five different teams to come to build two kingdom halls within 28 days.
Each team replaces the previous one.
We arrive in St. Pia by airplane from Quebec City, while the other team flies to Goose Bay,
which is 800 kilometers away in Labrador.
A few weeks before the work began, we sent two trailers with tools and materials so that
everything would be ready for the arrival of the first team.
The most precious things we have on the building site are not the building materials, but
our volunteers.
They are obedient and they manifest the fruitage of the spirit, including joy.
When we work joyfully, everything runs smoothly, everything goes well.
We take care of the home with the volunteers today, making sure that all of our guests
are comfortable and ready for their work.
We look after our 40 children, if you like.
Yes, that's it, their mother.
The job of the first team was to put up the building structure.
They installed the walls, the roof trusses, the roof panels, and the asphalt shingles.
The work of the second team was to install the plumbing, then the insulation.
We closed up the walls with the drywall.
It's going to be hard to leave Sampierre and Michelin.
For me, it is truly an honor to be here with my brothers and sisters.
I'm just so happy.
Everything was ready for the arrival of team three.
They took care of the drywall taping, the painting, and the installation of the suspended
ceiling.
Building four installed the floor coverings, the carpet, the tiles, they poured concrete
pathways.
It's amazing to feel like a tool in Jehovah's hands.
Once again, we have seen our international unity.
And finally, the last team, team five, carried out the finishing work, fitting the doors,
finishing the trim, the sound system, the furniture, and the sign on the building that identifies
the kingdom hall of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I thank Jehovah every night for our kingdom hall.
I am infinitely grateful that he has given us this wonderful gift.
It's a unique opportunity to give a witness.
It's incredible.
It's a lot of work.
But it's really worth it.